---
title:  "2019 Wish List"
tags: []
---

As I prepare for my baby sabbatical, there's been a lot of planning of things to be worked on and accomplished while I'm away. On that note, I did a little thinking on a "wish list" of technical things I'd like to see from some of our infrastructure vendors in 2019:

### AzureAD

* AzureAD Connect "Reverse Sync" - Allow us to create users in AzureAD and sync back to our on-prem AD
* AzureAD Connect Security Group/Office365 Group synchronization - Allow us to use security groups for on-prem security of resources (fileshares, etc) and also for Office365
* Azure AD Application Proxy for both internal and external connectivity - some way to transparently slip an auth proxy in front of applications that don't support it or support a inferior mechanism for doing it - basically Keycloak Gatekeeper but for AzureAD
* Please figure out the app registration and development processes. Too much churn, too many things in preview, too many things that are undocumented or poorly documented, or just flat out don't work

### AWS

* A real way to see **ALL** resources across **ALL** accounts and **ALL** regions. Not the tag editor hack.
* Full DNSSEC support in Route53
* An ability to whitelist any regions we want to use, or blacklist any regions we dont want people using yet (not just the new regions, ALL regions).

### VMWare

* VSAN Stretched Clustering to 3 sites (not just 2)
* S3/CIFS/NFS provider support in VSAN - The ability to throw up a S3/CIFS/NFS "share" backed by VSAN, without having to build a server to do this
* REST APIs for everything (There is nothing simple about SOAP APIs). The current REST API coverage is pretty underwhelming.

### VMWare on AWS

* Pricing based on the compute used by the provisioned VMs - NOT the host resources provisioned.

That's all. :D
